# BankProject
A simple program that utilizes math to compund bank interest

In summary, this project had the user input an initial bank account balance, a monthly deposit rate, an annual interest rate that applied monthly, and how many year the account would be active. From this information the program would output a simple chart showing the money in the account at the end of the year before and after interest each month, along with the forecasted interest income. at the end of each year the program. the interest earned would the interest accrued for that specific year alone, and not as a whole throughout the accounts lifetime. overall, I am proud of the formating of the UI, though as i remember there are a few issues depending on the orientation osome numbers, with a line being slightly ofcenter from the others with certian digits. The most challenging aspect was wrapping my head around the concept of a yearly earned interest and that it is NOT a sum total of all interest earned so far, just for that specific year. Once i understood that i was able to make more progress in developing aseries of formula to calculate it, though it took longer than i would have liked. As such, the biggest skill I believe i developed other than UI basics, would be how necessary it is to understand what someone is asking you to do before you begin programming. I placed comments throughout the code along with general description of each function and their respective variables. The code is also split between methods in such a way that the code is compartmentalized and easy to read.
